[Music]
Hello friends, I am Manish Arora
from Investmart. Today I am going to discuss
a new policy with you which is
ICICI Lombard Grih Raksha Insurance
Policy. Basically, it is a home insurance
policy which provides complete protection for
your home. So let's discuss ICC
Lombard Grih Raksha Insurance Policy.
Friends, now let's know who should buy this policy. Everyone who
owns a home can buy this policy. Anyone who has his
own house can buy this policy for the protection of his home, for the
protection of the contents of his home, for the
protection of the furniture and fixtures of his home. It
is very important to buy a policy for the protection of his home. Friends,
why should one buy this policy?
Why is it needed? Basically, it is a complete
protection of your property. It provides complete protection to your property. It
covers the building and the contents.
As I discussed, it is a
value for money policy. Why is it called a value for money policy? Because
you can buy this policy with a nominal premium
and your entire home is covered.
You get protection against it. It
gives you peace of mind because we
build a home.  There is a cost involved in it, it
is a huge cost involved, but if
any unforced event like
earthquake, terrorism or any unforced
event happens, then you will have a peace of mind
after taking this policy that my house
is protected. Friends, this policy,
as I discussed,
gives you protection from natural disasters, if there is a
tsunami, if there is a flood, if anything like this happens, if there are
raids, if anything happens, then
this policy gives you a cover and
also protection from burglars. If any unwanted
event happens, someone comes from outside and steals from your house,
someone breaks down,
someone comes from outside and steals, in that case
also the policy gives you protection in case of burglars.
So, this
policy gives you a complete package, friends. So,
friends, now let us know
which risks of your house are covered in this policy.
As I told you, this is a home insurance
policy, so first it covers your structure, it covers
your building, it covers the
structure of your house. Now, in
which case is that cover given?  You get it, it is
covered against fire, it is covered against
natural disaster, it is covered against
earthquake, terrorism, etc. If there is any such event,
if there is
any damage to your house or the building of your house due to all of them, it will be
covered in this policy. Friends, this is the
base cover, you get this base cover.
Apart from this, you
can also take some other things in the optional structure building cover, like
if tomorrow such an event happens and you have to
vacate your house and go on rent somewhere
because you have to get your house reconstructed, then
your rental expenses, rental
accommodation is also covered for up to 36 months
and apart from that, your garden cover
also covers additional living expenses. These are
all optional covers which you can buy along with the normal base cover.
Friends, in this policy, the
second risk associated in this policy is the
furniture and
fixtures in your house. Inside your house, you have a
sofa, a bed, a dining table,
any kind of table, an LED panel,
any furniture and
You can cover all the fixtures in your house in this policy,
friends. So this is a very good policy
in which you can cover your building and furniture
fixtures in the base policy.
Friends, apart from this, you
can also cover the valuables lying in your house,
like gold, silver, any such thing
lying in your house, it will also be covered.
Friends, that is an optional cover. You will have to
buy this optional cover along with the base cover. There are
some conditions in it, like
if the value of any valuable is more than 1 lakh
and the total valuables are more than 5 lakh, then
you will have to give a certificate. By
giving that certificate, you can cover those total valuables. Friends,
valuables are
covered in this policy, friends. So the next
optional cover is mechanical breakdown of
appliances. You
can also take mechanical breakdown of appliances optional cover.
Friends, in that case, if there is any kind of
electrical mechanical breakdown
in your plans, like you have a
TV, fridge, washing machine or any
appliances in your house, all of you  Appliances
can be covered. There are some conditions in it, you
can read them in the policy wording. We have
attached them below. So
you can cover all those things as well. This is an optional cover in this policy,
you can buy it. As
I told you, appliances can also be covered,
but remember that portable devices
like laptop and mobile will not be covered in this
policy.
Those appliances which are immovable are only covered in this
policy. After this, you
can also take personal accidental cover,
friends, that is also an optional cover in this policy,
up to Rs 5 lakh. You
can take per person cover individually, friends, and
you can also take liability to third party.
This is also an optional cover. For example, if you are getting
some work done in your building and
due to your building, your neighbor or
someone in your neighborhood gets harmed, then by
taking that optional cover, you can claim for that too.
Friends, as
I told you, in this policy you can cover your
building, furniture, fixtures, contents, everything.  You can
cover some things only
with the base policy, some you
can take optionally, friends this
is a pure total complete package of your house, you
can cover everything in your house
for any unforeseen event, friends so this is a very
good policy, this policy has a nominal price,
now some people ask us
how to calculate the value of our building, so there is
a simple formula for the value sum of the building that you take, carpet
covered area multiplied by the rate of
construction, that is your total
value, you
can buy a policy for that total value, friends
do not undervalue, this is our advice to you,
many times when a claim comes in undervalue, the surveyor
puts some clauses of undervalue, although that is not there in this policy,
but still I will advise you
not to undervalue your property,
friends,
you should cover only the total value of your property, in this friends you can
take this policy for 1 year, 2 years, 3 years up to 5 years,
it has very good benefits
If you take this policy for 5 years together and pay
its premium in one go, then
whatever sum you take every year, it will
increase automatically by 10%, so this is a
very good benefit, you
can avail this benefit by paying a premium in one go for 5 years,
friends, what kind of houses will be
covered in this, any type of home, your
flat, your cellphone, accommodation, apartment, row
house, any type of home is covered in this
policy, friends, every type of your house can be
covered in this, friends, this
is a very good policy, ICICI has a very
good policy, there is a nominal premium,
I will also tell you a normal premium,
friends,
if you buy friend base policy for 1 crore coverage,
then its premium becomes 5500 only, so if you
cover your house for up to 1 crore,
then buy
this policy for the safety of your house for ₹5000000,
apart from this, if you have any
kind of query, then we have helped you
and if you need videos, then you can also do that on your
Friends, you can send us recommendations.
Thank you
[music]
friends.